---
output:
  html_document:
    theme: flatly
  pdf_document: default
---

LandWeb Terms of Service
========================

Last updated: June 07, 2018

These Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") govern your
relationship with http://landweb.ca/ website (the "Service") operated by
fRI Research ("us", "we", or "our").

Please read these Terms of Service carefully before using the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is based on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users
and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms
and accept all legal consequences. If you do not agree to these terms
and conditions, in whole or in part, please do not use the Service.

Definitions
-----------

**“Content”** refers to all intellectual property of fRI Research and
includes any material, data, information, tools, scripts, literary or
artistic work, database, documents, files, films, photographs, analyses,
programs, software, systems, inventions, concepts, processes and other
property and information obtained, acquired, developed, generated,
created or produced by fRI Research in any such way as paper printout,
electronic file, or any other means.

**“Publication”** refers to any electronic or paper document, report,
graphic, map, and any other type of work generated, prepared, developed,
written, typed, created or produced that is distributed internally or
externally in any way.

Intellectual Property
---------------------

The Service and all contents, including but not limited to text, images,
graphics or code are the property of fRI Research, unless otherwise
stated, and are protected by copyright, trademarks, database and other
intellectual property rights. All content not belonging to fRI Research
is the property of the acknowledged content owners and may be protected
by copyright or other applicable laws in their respective jurisdictions.

These Terms do not grant you a license to use any trademark of fRI
Research or its affiliates.

You further agree not to use, change or delete any proprietary notices
from materials downloaded from the Service.

Acknowledgment and Publications
-------------------------------

You agree to recognize fRI Research for its contribution to any
publications that made use of the content from the Service. All
publications must recognize the entirety of all fRI Research partners
supporting the development of the Service, unless otherwise prohibited
(academic journal or institutional policy).

You agree to provide fRI Research with a 30-day period to review and
comment on any publication that made any use of content from the
Service.

Non-endorsement
---------------

The content and tools supplied on this website are to help better inform
policies and/or operational practices. The use of the content or the
Service does not imply or otherwise indicate that fRI Research endorses
the policies, practices, or other use of the content, and no such
endorsement may be suggested.

Links To Other Web Sites
------------------------

The Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that
are not owned or controlled by fRI Research.

fRI Research has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the
content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or
services. You further acknowledge and agree that fRI Research shall not
be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss
caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or
reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through
any such websites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy
policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

Termination
-----------

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without
prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including, without
limitation, if you breach the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms shall survive termination, including,
without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers,
indemnity and limitations of liability.

Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.

Indemnification
---------------

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless fRI Research, its
principals, officers, directors, representatives, employees,
contractors, licensors, licensees, suppliers and agents, from and
against any claims, losses, damages, losses, obligations, costs, actions
or demands.

These include but are not limited to: (a) legal and accounting fees
resulting from your use of the Service; (b) your breach of any of these
Terms; and (c) anything you post on or upload to the Service.

Limitation Of Liability
-----------------------

fRI Research, its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or
affiliates, shall not be liable for any loss or damage, direct or
indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages,
including without limitation, economic loss, loss or damage to
electronic media or data, goodwill, or other intangible losses,
resulting from (i) your access to or use of the Service; (ii) your
inability to access or use the Service; (iii) any conduct or content of
any third-party on or related to the Service; (iiv) any content obtained
from or through the Service; and (v) the unauthorized access to, use of
or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on
warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other claim in
law, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such
damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of
its essential purpose.

Disclaimer And Non-Waiver of Rights
-----------------------------------

fRI Research makes no guarantees, representations or warranties of any
kind as regards the website and associated technology. Any purportedly
applicable warranties, terms and conditions are excluded, to the fullest
extent permitted by law. Your use of the Service is at your sole risk.
The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The
Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or
implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or
course of performance, except as provided for under the laws of any
province in Canada. In such cases, the provincial law shall apply to the
extent necessary.

fRI Research its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not
warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or
available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects
will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful
components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your
requirements.

If you breach any of these Terms and fRI Research chooses not to
immediately act, or chooses not to act at all, fRI Research will still
be entitled to all rights and remedies at any later date, or in any
other situation, where you breach these Terms. fRI Research does not
waive any of its rights. fRI Research shall not be responsible for any
purported breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond its
control. A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no rights
of enforcement.

You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights
under these Terms.

Exclusions
----------

As set out, above, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of
certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for
consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not
apply to you. Provincial laws of Canada may apply to certain products
and service provided.

Governing Law
-------------

These Terms shall be governed by, and interpreted and enforced in
accordance with, the laws in the Province of Alberta and the laws of
Canada, as applicable.

If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any remaining provisions of
these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire
agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace
any prior agreements, oral or otherwise, regarding the Service.

Changes
-------

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these
Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will make reasonable
efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms
taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at
our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not
agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the
website and the Service.

Contact Us
----------

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
